# Weekly Meeting 10.30.24

# Project Proposal - STUFF TO FIX

## Section 5: Application description needs more.

   - Some overlap with section 6
   - ***TALK ABOUT FUNCTIONALITY***

      ex: we will have these features from --- from myspace.

*call readme title - **BuffSpace***

## Section 10: State explicit time

   - Also take notes during certain meetings.
   - Having a description in Meeting Logs about Commits
   - When commit (bug fix)
      - EXPLAIN THE BUG / WHAT YOU DID TO FIX IT

***3 commits a week use KANBAN board for organization***

## First Week - Achievable

   - 1 page per person
   - login with backend (database and security issues)
   - Commit to one technology

   ### Split up between everyone!

      SETUP BASIC PAGES

         - STUFF WE CAN PUT DATA ON

      DATABASE TABLES SETUP (Outline)

         - How fields connect

      FRONT END

      API REQUESTS

         - have structure of API requests set up.

## For Tomorrow

- Add more to section 5
- Add more to section 6
- Maybe add to ReadMe

